[Music]
they play with fronton who's that that's
my friend Jeremy said I could borrow his
xbox didn't give it back so he took your
Stanley knife it's looks like a baby's
toy it sure does
you got to get to the end of the
fisher-price mansion and slaughter that
tyke doc poor look at that Freudian man
putting thoughts in your dumb head he
said something about a salt and radar
chalky is the coolest Rock VAT who
figured out that K was cooler than C
someone that got a lot of slash and
slizz no doubt check it out ninja rod no
vanquishes just like this yeah this is
the same developer is like vanquishing
Bayonetta
hey how about you shut the hell up and
let me press the button a chrome dome
shut up I know you offered to let me not
play this and I chose to play this but
how about shut your hole so this is like
the cool thing about this game right is
like you see that little line you get
flash yeah so that that will slash
things and like see you see that how it
like oh yeah yeah what other games not
do that that uh that doesn't just work
on on these but we'll get to that
who's that little fella that's someone
who said something hurtful about
minorities could you cut off his toes
absolutely okay to it these things he
just want me to cut off his toes yeah
[Laughter]
every time he steps as he bleeds out a
little more when he splits at work then
I can't believe you actually like grab
his foot I just noticed that you have
Bayonetta high heels he oldest sword
with it because he's a sassy [__] this
is [__] cool this is my [__] epic
head
I'm just gonna [__] make this guy and
uh that's amazing what you could turn
them into man jelly that's so cool it's
[__] awesome the coolest thing in the
world is cutting fellow humans into
caves I have many people trunks in every
part of my house I can only think of
blaze the movie fan guys like [__]
Charles Manson is like Jesus if a you
caught up it pass and make shuttle
brings their pots back to me remember
that scene in the Resident Evil movie
where the guy gets slicing the cubes
yeah
someone saw that and they were like that
nights the beer buddy okay oh yeah I
want to make a torso cube believe that
it's so cool I knew you'd like this game
if I hadn't tried learning 3d that this
wouldn't be as impressive because it's
really hard to like cut things up like
that in 3d yeah I think that they built
that for this game specifically I
remember seeing a tech demo or something
where he's like cutting watermelons yeah
there were earlier games that did stuff
like it I know that musashi sequel had
that but that game had so many other
problems that nobody noticed
no nobody noticed the cutting or nobody
noticed the game nobody noticed the game
it may appear as though I am cool but
actually you are cool you are all cool
I disagree he looks like David Bowie
kind of before he gets this [__]
he'll just gross there I don't know if
this game is supposed to be in between
Metal Gear Solid 2 and 4 no I think this
is after 4 no cuz in 4 he has the robot
body and stuff and he has the yeah this
is after he has the lower jaw is it
after 4 yeah you could see he has his
little scars on his face I know it's
kind of not in the game like it this is
not canon not that it [__] matters
anymore because what is but
I don't care if something's canon as
long as this ya know it's I I know a lot
of people were mad at this game when it
came out this is made by that lesser
known Kojima twin the only time
something it's so [__] you don't want it
to be canon right but this is good so it
doesn't matter I have a cool sword in my
briefcase wanna see I want to see a big
beautiful baby
[Laughter]
it starts suckling it he looks like an
old woman there it really is amazing
what the human body can do when you
start putting robot parts in it
you have womb yes that is very cool you
oh there's lots of robits robits to
frown at you I've seen this guy on the
Internet
yeah it's cuz you you have actually do
you recognize that blade Chris you
showed oh I won't use my blade on an
innocent person I was worried you were
threatened with that feminista dress
Neil yeah FEM tales I feel like we're
reaching a very important point in Tony
place history we are now you know the
origin we're closing a very important
Lou oh my god he beat this game and kiss
your ass good-bye mode Chris he did kiss
your ass but that was Shadow the
Hedgehog oh right
also this is a mate like I love these uh
gory cutscenes you know this this game
has some good ones but I don't want
people to look like this in the future
if they do I'll be actually I'll write
something pretty strongly worded on the
internet that's fair
have you seen that guy who wanted to
look that gift I'll write something on
the internet and smile like that and
everyone will call me a racist because I
don't want people to look like this the
guy who looks like a tiger he killed
himself you said that and I thought
it was a weird joke that you were making
and then I looked it up and it was real
it is real because that's the touch I'm
trying to draw a comparison if people
look like this in the future this looks
cool
but then once you actually look like
this you would want to kill yourself
because you're like I'm a freak now yeah
but you would be a really cool freak
until you killed yourself like well the
moment where you take your own life
you look [__] badass it's true this
looks like GTA - this sucks
no I'm kidding looks good looks like a
driver 3 this game is actually aged
pretty well I think it was like 2013 or
something you know this as strong art
direction he's got friends kill him I
don't have friends
Oh as high heels are still on they built
into him Shmi ah that's cost $2,000 my
Versace coat how dare you he can't look
like that is he like naked right now
pretty is that inappropriate
well that wasn't even the sword that was
just the heat where's his cools this
cool jaw you'll see Chris we're gonna
probably watch him once his jaw in this
very scene that's maybe he just needs to
chew gum more efficiently Tomar in
either case it's time to fight I'm
excited
whoo hell yeah he's got a Scouter it's
called an artificial compound I unit
what does the scouter say about this
guy's legs they're gone
oh wait still trending hit yeah he's
still going that's amazing Oh oh that
poor little guy put him out of his
misery he's having fun down there have
fun you think Ruby's not too mighty this
mighty snail of a man okay
the snail man with snail man rising
who's Boris law a good friend it was a
good phrase and a better lover look at
his hand look at the silly little head
thank you for doing that to him he
really uh no matter what he did in life
you do this forever what the hell oh I
get a good amount of time to do it
that's amazing
oh you cut him into twenty piece that
guy's soup is that guy had a beautiful
mother at least one of these guys would
have a wife or something that would
insist on an open casket funeral you
ever met people like that where it's
like oh yeah my husband died in a
horrible car accident in his face is
pretty much gone but I insist on an open
casket never dealt with that exact
situation Oh I'm of the opinion that
open casket is already like a sort of an
unhealthy thing for the grieving process
even if even if they don't get [__] up
they look like some weird like stuffed
animal fication in original that's true
it's just a body it's I don't know you I
don't feel like there's any closure to
be found in looking at it other than
just acknowledging oh yeah check this
out that thing's dead I'm gonna cut
myself cool trying I don't know I guess
it helps some people I think it helps
some people yeah and it's really normal
in Ireland I I feel like I've been to
like five or six
oh my god but you've never been to one
where a guy got cut in half like that
they don't let him in there no no that
would be just frankly silly as hell this
is that [__] trailer for Godzilla
that's cool man
isn't that Metal Gear Rex ray-ray oh my
God he's being a bully dude
is this the same one from Metal Gear -
this guy's really distraught cuz he's
like a poorly operates that machine oh
that's a different guy evil guy who's as
strong as right and I guess the whole
different guy oh my god
yeah this is a different guy from greasy
Joe or whatever that dudes [__] name
is no it burns that's horrible he's got
a funny face he does he's very it's very
expressive this is what those people
that make zip popping videos on YouTube
turn into the future oh no don't worry
it's only gonna hurt for a second when I
touch these 800-degree blades to your
neck oh god I am the president of being
upside down Adele you're the president
of bum bums see you're jack voice just
doesn't quite fit for me Africa's just
getting a bit too peaceful what yeah
this guy's mad because kony2012 worked
and there's no more Africa war that is
him no I trust him
[Laughter]
seems like the best model to get in like
source filmmakers Oh No
is getting cool yeah you're its you
we're like 20 minutes into the game and
you're already fighting a metal gear yep
this is like the intro level boss all
through my like teenage years I thought
games really like getting better with
like this open-world [__] but this stuff
is the best yeah like a real well-made
like tight experience I think is almost
always better yeah this fox dude it's so
cool wait till it really [__] starts
to kick yeah I've never really seen this
game past like this part but I still
don't I don't really remember this that
well I watched some friends I'm pretty
sure the furthest I ever played was to
the end of like this fight and then I
was like alright I'm gonna take a break
and then I just like my xbox hard drive
died the next day or something like this
that's sick how you can parry a [__]
Metal Gear low yeah you just give no
shits whatsoever
yeah mass is just a number oh man it's
gonna be hard to talk over all this cool
[__] ya know I mean like look I'm [__]
cutting up a robot leg like it's sushi
oh yeah some good old such somewhere
you're a you're a big fan of the sus
yeah
I'd say so yeah I'm a big fan of
Japanese cuisine at large it's your life
yeah list us every single thing right
now I don't believe you I really like
Korean katsu I like miso soup I like
Bhutan I like Kudo
I like ramen I believe you I like
sukiyaki okay show off you like mine
like dirt do you like worms like water
what water worms water worms [__]
rock dude it's a big problem over there
so it's not actually funny to joke about
that oh [__]
oh yes yes this music school yeah
maths is just a number just like sad
you're running along it as you through
it
oh the physics on this totally check out
here it's matpat from game theory saw
that he'd have a [__] aneurysm that's
how he sees himself he sees himself as
this guy that was YouTube's algorithm he
just sliced right through it
follow your yellow map to victory and
little man ain't ugly me yeah this is
mean you seem like you may be the kind
of person that would like hate this like
Assassin's Creed freerunning trend do
you like it or do you not hate it
alright what so in all circumstances or
just specifically like know if the game
is designed around it being fun you can
but you could make that fun but
Assassin's Creed doesn't make it fun in
a game where the entire game is about
climbing buildings why the [__] would
you want the game to do it all for you
yeah that's fair like it doesn't bother
me here at all all right this is based
around combat so it's more fun yeah I
guess that's something you can sort of
like automate in a situation that it all
reinforces the idea that you're just
like this like super cyber ninja like it
all works the matically
yeah okay well you could argue that the
Assassin's Creed Minh is a history ninja
that's true I feel like Assassin's Creed
is like a success this creature better
than Christos Christo you like a cent
well I thought you said him word Christo
I know then Krista no I I just I like
the original Assassin's Creed when I
first played it I don't know how well it
would hold up to me no I swear to god
you'd hate it
it's just busywork is walking following
things as a shitty [__] missions that
aren't fun or interesting story was that
much I remember I hated all the side
missions but but there's still it still
tickled that itch in my
that wanted to collect all this crap
yeah the first one seems like a beta
test for like the second one and the
second ones like it's alright it
probably has an aged well
origins introduced that new combat
system the one in ancient Egypt but I I
personally played a lot more of Odyssey
because I just I don't know maybe I just
like ancient Greece stuff better than
ancient Egypt stuff you're always
talking about collecting your essential
greases and oils into jars sorry
essential greases you know what I really
do like ancient Greece stuff check this
out though I want some [__] Young
Living ancient ancient Greece's wait to
read The Odyssey in school growing up
did you like it
I loved that yeah it was pretty rad God
a war
took all the best parts of ancient
Greece [__] and multiplied it why can't
we do that for all history I know I'll
tell you what's not interesting is Irish
[__] Irish light lit things like Irish
mythology is the most boring [__]
[__] you just got a bunch of stuff that
pisses around in the wood is it right
that you've got too used to it girl yeah
there's no good ones like there's no
like oh my god you died it was normally
cool clever interesting Irish you like
myths stories it's like there's kook
Olynyk and there's a the cats if well
that's even Scottish that's yeah [__] it
like I can't think of a single
interesting Irish mythology thing
there's the Banshee like that's a cool
monster but like it's not very
interesting whatever go like story
buying the banshee or is it just it's
just a character and there is no real
like story I mean uh I'm probably
misinformed but it doesn't really seem
like if I went up to a normal person
Ireland as nobody would be able to
answer that [__] yeah
I believe it put two banshees coming out
of the other side of that also yeah
you're gonna get tons of [__] for your
ignorant opinion on banshees people are
gonna like banshees I saw one and Darby
O'Gill and the little people I haven't
seen that movie in forever I like that
movie that's a good movie I watched that
like four years ago for the first time
have you gentlemen heard
Banshees he's my favorite character I
want him to win
yeah but he's stealing the president of
Africa he is such a [__] fun smile
how can you say no to that face his
smile is so good I feel like they
modeled his face after the smile you
guys are like those people that comment
on pictures of hot serial killers like
ooh do me next
no I don't do that yeah you're letting
this guy steal prime ministers cuz you
like his grinning there was that one
prison guy he got out of prison and his
mugshot made girls wet and he got a
modeling job the second he got out did
he stab anyone since then Oh
oh my god I hope let's do jumps yeah I
love it when you do little jumps like
that well leaps and hots and such what
if it could end it was Tony Blair would
that not make you lord
this feels a lot like Metal Gear Solid
don't you show up in the president's
just like that when like you first meet
revolver ocelot like a poem it rhymes
tomar that didn't kill him no he's mine
he just cut like the muscle but not his
throat that's so all of his voice to
everyone in this game has great teeth
forget the Prime Minister of Africa stop
this random guy it doesn't matter if I
die so long as he goes with me Oh his
poor throat
oh these guys are so [__] cool yeah
this guy's like Musashi this is what an
antonio banderas voice yes he's Puss in
Boots No oh that is [__] Lyles dream
what to be covered in blood the blood of
an AK frickin Prince frickin a little
rag dolling man
I didn't like that I didn't like that
he's not even a smidge you've got me wet
you got me wet too
that's Italian it's a thing he's gonna
grab the man polar holy [__]
don't [__] her that guy ridin he's gonna
make you scoot all over the place
see these guys have cool suits that
don't have goofy high heels in them yeah
but then they can't hold their sword
with their foot and hide ambos this is
so cool I gotta get the soundtrack for
this dude it's so good but like a lot of
it has honestly like the vocals kicking
in during boss fights is kind of cool
but when you just listen to it just like
fancy as [__] yeah it's all gonna be but
rock oh no he's [__] yeah this game
came out like kind of right after the
peak of metalcore but the
instrumentation is real cool I actually
kind of miss a industrial sort of like
soundscapes not not the jinan ER itself
but like I missed that like kind of like
guitars I like that I wouldn't listen to
this kind of music but uh it suits the
game yeah I mean I would but yeah one
was the vocals kick and it kind of
ceases to be something that I would
listen to Ryden is at one point six
percent usefulness but he's still he's
still got a lot to say and do some
[__] big ass lady thighs I'm not
actually supposed to beat this guy I
don't know if you can but this is a
scripted loss I can see what Genesis
wanted to be this guy what'd you say I
smiled what is that even supposed to
mean you did know his eyeball that
happened to me too
to be fair anytime you lose something in
a video game or a movie it just gets
cooler they're implying that you hold
back but I definitely watched you turn a
guy into soon that was so cool that the
game couldn't keep up with explain to me
how you did that [__] it rocks how come
he doesn't have high heels because he's
cuz he's cooler Oh
I mean as of now yeah he's cooler he's a
personal role model of Genesis Valentine
wait a minute that was his arm it's
funny to cut arms I strongly agree
oh he's guys little bone in there I love
it
oh now he's just toying with you this is
mean he's a dick yeah
don't you want him to crush your
watermelon with those legs be kind of
funny I know you've also got beautiful
long fingernails yeah also much like the
famous bayonetta she's a beautiful
[__] woman don't kill her
why I saw those guys I didn't have time
to swing the sword down lucky you yeah
you said the thing oh that thing that's
your cool friend with a moustache that's
how you know you invest wisely is that a
plane or is it a drone or a helicopter I
can't talk just all this blood splat
yeah he's having a time of it gun - I
bet they have countermeasures flares
a thing that every military craft is
equipped with what music reminds me of
the Penguins of Madagascar really yeah
they got the really similar music in
that movie for the octopus he's thinking
about the octopus fast instead thinking
about Dave the octopus he's so silly
that character oh I love his running gag
with the rhyming names or wasn't they
were rioting sucks